must be dropping a tourniquet should be
strapped to the chest of the kamikaze
pajamas hey hey hey hey okay so sup you
guys you guys are probably wondering we
just bad kid random scrub so my name is
I kamikaze 2 x's at the end trihard name
I know so it's my first commentary a
really really quick game player oh just
me rushing pure rushing with marathon
lightweight and ninja pro with that a 12
with extended mag ump45 of the silencer
and yeah probably the most too annoying
gun to get rush with and very
overpowered I would say the UMP age so
right now I'm just rushing this fall and
doing work on them this is some ground
war on trailer park i believe so yeah um
my first commentary criticism is welcome
just yeah so happy fourth of July to all
the Americans out there waiting for your
mom I'm trying to not stay home a lot so
I think that's one thing I could take so
this is my first commentary like I keep
saying um yeah she's there I go again
saying home so hard not to say it so
yeah this is a there I go again with all
damaged so this is my first commentary
and it's a new gameplay this is my
fastest 46 personal nuke I've ever
gotten just going to work on trailer
park at the 8130 and I give my new I was
recording for a montage that me and my
friend are doing hopefully my friend
jinx he poses this video on his channel
2 um thank you for you rely or jinx is
known so sub subscribe to me in him if
you're viewing this from my channel
so it's a really fast gameplay really
really fast because I just get the new
we can call it in right there because I
really don't like round our team
deathmatch so there's a news everybody
um comment like and subscribe so um
constructive criticism is welcome my
first commentary thank you for watching
love you guys that's subscribe thank you
oh yeah that's right